Here are 3 simple projects that I used to learn to use
Xilinux Vivado in "non-project" (i.e. non-GUI) mode.

January 6, 2025  (using Vivado 2024.2)

In other words, each of these 3 projects can go from the sources here to
a bitstream without ever using the GUI.  Only the Makefile and the
tcl scripts are required!

1. blink-led
2. axi-gpio
3. blink-led-rtl
4. kyu

The last "project" (kyu) is an example of C source used in my Kyu RTOS to
communicate with the axi-gpio registers for example 2.

These are based on the Electric Koala 4 part blog:

[My notes: Vivado and Tcl](http://cholla.mmto.org/zynq/fpga/vivado_tcl)

[Electric Koala: Zynq 7000](https://www.electrickoala.dev/posts/zynq-7000-getting-started)

Each project has a Makefile.  To generate a bitstream, do:

1.  make clean
1.  make project
1.  make build

The Makefile in the last project has some nice additional features.
In particular, it copies the bitstream to the top level directory from
the location deep inside the build tree.

Note that the build actually takes place is a second "blink-led" directory inside of the first.
The top level directory contains the sources.  The inside directory is generated by the
build process and can be discarded (as per "make clean").

For the record, on my linux system, the "make project" stage takes 30 seconds,
and the "make build" takes 6.5 minutes -- for a total of 7 minutes to get a bitstream.

The first project (blink-led) blinks one of the onboard LED on the Antminer s9 board.

The second project (axi-gpio) blinks all 4 LED under control of the PS via GPIO.
I used my Kyu RTOS to run the PS code for this.

The third project (blink-led-rtl) yields the same result as the first, but does it
by custom verilog code rather than prefabricated IP blocks.
